<br>Fikir 1) color based damage<br>Fikir 2) necrodancer<br><br>## Harrion's Hoops<br>*2nd-level Abjuration*<br><br>***Casting Time:*** 1 action<br>***Range:*** 60 feet<br>***Components:*** V, S, M (one big or four small rocks)<br>***Duration:*** Concentration, up to 1 minute<br><br>You create 4 translucent circular shields turning around the target(s) you choose. You can distribute these shields in any combination among your allies. Each shield provides 1d4+3 temporary hit points, equal for each and determined after choosing targets, to its bearer and vanishes when it depletes.<br><br>You can use your bonus action to transfer any active shields with their remaining hit points to another target.<br><br>***At Higher Levels:*** You can create an additional shield for each slot level above 2nd.<br><br><br>## Harrion's Hoots<br>*3rd-level Abjuration*<br><br>***Casting Time:*** 1 action<br>***Range:*** 60 feet<br>***Components:*** V, S, M (whistle)<br>***Duration:*** Concentration, up to 1 minute<br><br>etrafında dört korna belirir ve save yapılacak bir durum olduğunda önceden haber vererek save'e +20 ekler<br>her korna atıyorum 1 ya da 2 ekler ve kullanıldıkça yok olur<br>ya da şey la düşünsene, adam sana dominate etmeye çalışıyor, atamıyor, kornalar adama dönüp "düüüüüüüüt" yapıyor :D<br>save'i tutturursan reaction olarak adama korna çalabilmeyi de ekleyelim :D :D<br><br><br>## Rensa’s Penta Lightning<br>*4th-level Evocation*<br><br>***Casting Time:*** 1 action<br>***Range:*** 60 ft<br>***Components:*** V, S, M (A metal rod made of a conductive element)<br>***Duration:*** Instantaneous<br><br>Raising your spell focus above your head, 5 orbs of electrical energy appears around the caster and five bolts of lightning rapidly strike up to five enemies the caster can see within a range of 60 feet. Each target must make a Dexterity saving throw, taking 8d6 lightning damage on a failed save, or half as much damage on a successful one.<br><br>Alternatively, all five bolts of lightning can instead converge toward a single target, dealing 12d6 lightning damage on a failed save, or half as much damage on a successful one.<br><br><br>## Harrion's Heat Pump<br>*6th-level Evocation*<br><br>***Casting Time:*** 1 action<br>***Range:*** 30ft<br>***Components:*** V, S, M (a flat metal plate)<br>***Duration:*** Instantenous<br><br>You put the material component for the spell on the ground which emits radial waves of cold and fire. At the start of your each turn choose the hot and cold sides. Plate pumps a heat or cold wave from those sides which deal 8d10 damage to any creature in its range of 60ft. Creatures on the path make a Dex save for fire and Con save for cold damage and take half the damage on a successful save.<br><br>PS: Triggerlamayı bonus actionla mı yapayım yoksa her tur kendiliğinden mi triggerlansın?<br><br><br>## Harrion's Fallout / Dance of Ice and Fire<br>*6th-level Evocation*<br><br>***Casting Time:*** 1 action<br>***Range:*** 90 feet<br>***Components:*** V, S<br>***Duration:*** Instantenous<br><br>You sprew forth eight balls of ice and fire to air which guides themselves to the targets you choose. On contact, each ball deals 5d8 fire or cold damage depending on the type. Targets make a Dex save for fire and Con save for cold damage and take half the damage on a successful save.<br><br>***At Higher Levels:*** You create an two additional balls for each slot level above 6th.<br><br><br>## Queen's Lightning Barrage<br>*8th-level Evocation*<br><br>***Casting Time:*** 1 action<br>***Range:*** 500 feet<br>***Components:*** S<br>***Duration:*** Concentration, up to 1 minute<br><br>You charge the air around you with electrical energy. While your concentration on the spell holds, you can use a bonus action to create a lightning orb in your palm. You can hold maximum of 2 orbs and you need a free hand for each orb.<br><br>While your concentration on the spell holds, you can use your action to spend lighning orbs to create lighning strikes.<br><br>By spending 1 orb you can strike a creature in the range. Creature must make a dex saving throw or take 6d8 lightning damage (damage is halved for successful save) . This lightning strike also deals 1d8 thunder damage to each creature in 10 feet distance to the target.<br><br>By spending 2 orbs, you can enhance the effects if the lightning strike. Range is doubled to 1000 feet. If used this way, spell deals 8d8 lightning damage and 2d8 thunder damage respectively.